Add dashboard user doc (#6756)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-user.md

- PROCESS
- SHOW DATABASES
- CONFIG
- DASHBOARD_CLIENT

To access TiDB Dashboard when [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security) is enabled on the connected TiDB server, the SQL user should have **all** the following privileges:

- PROCESS
- SHOW DATABASES
- CONFIG
- DASHBOARD_CLIENT
- RESTRICTED_TABLES_ADMIN
- RESTRICTED_STATUS_ADMIN
- RESTRICTED_VARIABLES_ADMIN

To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in with TiDB Dashboard, the SQL user must also have the following privilege:

- SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN

> **Note:**
>
> Users with high privileges such as `ALL PRIVILEGES` or `SUPER` can still sign in with TiDB Dashboard. Therefore, to comply with the least privilege principle, it is highly recommended that you create users with the preceding specific privileges to prevent unintended operations. See [Privilege Management](/privilege-management.md) for more information on these privileges.

When the SQL user does not meet the preceding privilege requirements, it fails to sign in with TiDB Dashboard, as shown below.

![insufficient-privileges](/media/dashboard/dashboard-user-insufficient-privileges.png)

> ## Example: Create a least-privileged SQL user to access TiDB Dashboard

Reviewer: It seems this part content format is not exactly the same as the Chinese version.

> Wen [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security) is not enabled on the connected TiDB server, you can create a SQL user `dashboardAdmin` that can sign in with TiDB Dashboard by executing the following SQL statement:

Author: ```suggestion
When [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security) is not enabled on the connected TiDB server, you can create a SQL user `dashboardAdmin` that can sign in with TiDB Dashboard by executing the following SQL statement:
```

    ```sql
    CREATE USER 'dashboardAdmin'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY '<YOUR_PASSWORD>';
    GRANT PROCESS, CONFIG ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT SHOW DATABASES ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT DASHBOARD_CLIENT ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    ```

>     -- To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in with TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege:

Reviewer 2: -- 代表 SQL 语句里的单行注释，如果把这句话从 SQL 语句里单独拿出来了，-- 就不需要了

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```sql
```

    GRANT SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    ```

> - When [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security) is enabled on the connected TiDB server, you can create a SQL user `dashboardAdmin` that can sign in with TiDB Dashboard by executing the following SQL statement:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When [Security Enhanced Mode (SEM)](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_enhanced_security) is enabled on the connected TiDB server, to create a SQL user `dashboardAdmin` that can sign in with TiDB Dashboard, execute the following SQL statements:
```

    ```sql
    CREATE USER 'dashboardAdmin'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY '<YOUR_PASSWORD>';
    GRANT PROCESS, CONFIG ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT SHOW DATABASES ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT DASHBOARD_CLIENT ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT RESTRICTED_STATUS_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT RESTRICTED_TABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    GRANT RESTRICTED_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    ```

>     -- To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in with TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege:

Reviewer 2: 同上

```
GRANT SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
```

> Sign in with TiDB Dashboard

Reviewer: Compared with the Chinese version, it seems to miss the secondary heading format?

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```sql
```

> After creating a SQL user that meets the privilege requirements of TiDB Dashboard, you can [Sign in](/dashboard/dashboard-access.md#Sign in) with TiDB Dashboard by using this user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating a SQL user that meets the privilege requirements of TiDB Dashboard, you can use this user to [Sign in](/dashboard/dashboard-access.md#Sign in) with TiDB Dashboard.
```
```suggestion
After creating a SQL user that meets the privilege requirements of TiDB Dashboard, you can [Sign in](/dashboard/dashboard-access.md#Sign in) with TiDB Dashboard by using this user.
```
